TwL updates PR (#8744)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/faq/app_analytics_agent_configuration.md

aliases:
  - /tracing/trace_search_and_analytics/agent_trace_search/
  - /tracing/app_analytics/agent_trace_search/
  - /tracing/guide/app_analytics_agent_configuration/
---

<div class="alert alert-danger">

> This is a deprecated page with configuration information relevant to Legacy App Analytics. Tracing without Limits™ is now the recommended way to have full control over your data ingestion and trace retention with no sampling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a deprecated page with configuration information relevant to legacy App Analytics, useful for troubleshooting some old setups. Now, instead, use Tracing without Limits™ to have full control over your <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_retention_and_ingestion">data ingestion and trace retention</a> with no sampling.
```

<br>

> Migrate to <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_retention_and_ingestion">Trace Retention and Ingestion</a> to use the new functionality.

Reviewer: I think telling people to "migrate" here is deceptive, since they don't have to do anything.
```suggestion

```

Author: For best results they'll drop DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED env vars and set the new one DD_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE=1.0
